[Music]
ten quotes proving the royal family has
a great sense of humor if you thought
the Windsor royal family is too posh to
make fun of themselves you are wrong
they love a good joke about their
culinary skills thinning hair and even
miss England's most attractive body
features are you ready for some new beat
British humour then hit the thumbs up
and let's get started the wedding of
Prince William and Kate Middleton was
one of the most anticipated weddings
ever when they did it in 2011 it was
broadcast in over 180 countries and made
over half the population of the world
dream of a dress like Kate's and a ring
like William gave her it is no surprise
the whole world was more than looking
forward to the birth of their first baby
the Queen herself was one of the most
impatient anticipates do you think it
was because she couldn't wait to embrace
her great-grandson maybe a little of
that as well
but according to herself the real reason
was more practical just before Kate
Middleton gave birth to George Queen
Elizabeth was visiting Cumbria where a
little girl asked her a question she
wanted to know if Her Majesty would
prefer the future air to be a boy or a
girl
the Queen explained that the sex of the
baby didn't matter to her and added I
hope it arrives soon because I'm going
on holiday Prince George of Cambridge
did listen to his royal grandma and was
born July 22nd 2013 five days after the
conversation took place
what a darling little boy when asked why
they relate Kate Middleton replied
William had to do his hair
[Music]
speaking of Williams hair it is getting
shorter and shorter or more like there
is less and less of it on his head the
prince himself seems to have other more
serious issues to worry about and he was
heard making his own hair related joke
promising a barber he wouldn't give him
much business as he doesn't have much
hair his hair in turn looks like it was
cut and styled by some beauty gods as
she went from long locks to an extended
bob recently it only got more stylish
the cut hair was donated to the little
princess trust and will contribute to
the making of wigs for kids whose hair
was taken away by serious illnesses
could keep possibly get any nicer I
don't know after the birth of his first
grandson Prince Charles was asked if he
was happy to be a grandfather here's
what he answered very much and it's also
great that you can give your
grandchildren back to their parents
anytime now that the number of Charles's
grandchildren has doubled and is about
to triple he must feel even happier
about that opportunity to hand them back
to their parents as for the parents
themselves they seem to be doing well at
this job Kate admits that you can't
fully be prepared for the mix of
emotions the birth of a child or
children in her case we'll give you you
just go from putting yourself first to
caring about your babies first and
foremost as royalty George and Charlotte
have had to follow certain rules since
toddler stage maybe even without knowing
they're following some of those rules
still at times they behave like other
kids who throw tantrums in public and
are mesmerized by balloons and bubbles
they do keep their pedigree most of the
time we see them out though this is how
Prince William characterized his wife's
culinary talent at a fancy charity gala
Kate's cooking is the reason I'm so
skinny
[Music]
William admits he enjoys cooking but his
skills are far from jamie oliver's his
favorite food is the roast he prefers at
medium-rare quite alive like he says
too bad Kate can't have much of Williams
cooking as pregnancy affects her diet
and add certain known owes to the list
Prince Charles once had to congratulate
a beauty queen of England and here's how
he started his speech father told me
that if I ever met a lady in a dress
like yours
I must look her straight in the eyes
looks like Prince Philip Duke of
Edinburgh and father of Charles knew
what to teach his son this wisdom is
worth passing from father to son for
generations at the 2012 London Marathon
Prince Harry promised that William and
Kate would run the next one when in 2013
he was asked where his brother and his
wife were he said he's old she's
pregnant
[Music]
we know Harry was joking because calling
William old obviously makes himself old
as well the age gap between the two
royal brothers is just two years after
all but what if there is some
deep-seated grudge behind those words
after all Prince William and his kids
leave Harry no choice to ever rule the
country as king he is currently fifth in
line to the throne but will be moved
even further by any future kids of
Williams and this is what Prince Philip
thinks of the rules of etiquette when a
man opens a car door for his wife it's
either a new car or a new wife
[Music]
well in his case he could only be
serious about getting a new car
Prince Phillip and his wife Queen
Elizabeth have celebrated their platinum
wedding anniversary yes it means they
have been married for 70 years what is
the secret behind this union of pure
harmony deep love and a shared sense of
humor or so it's said by those who know
the couple well enough have you ever
noticed her majesty laugh at public
events multiple times and we have her
husband to thank for that he is also
said to be keeping the spirits up inside
the palace by demonstrating his pair of
false teeth to the royal family oh what
fun when asked what he learned from
growing up Prince William said as I
learned from growing up you don't mess
with your grandmother I wouldn't mess
with my grandma even though she isn't
exactly royalty imagine William doing
that in reality the handsome prince
often mentions how grateful he is to his
grandmother for the stability in his
life and an amazing role model to follow
according to him he greatly appreciates
and values the protection he received as
he was able to explore understand
slightly carve his own path before one
of his trips to the USA
Prince Harry said every time I get to
meet kids and they've been told a
real-life princess coming the
disappointment on their face when they
see me without a crown or a cape the
absence of crown and cape didn't stop
one American princess from falling in
love with Prince Harry the wedding bells
will soon be ringing for His Royal
Highness and Miss Megan Markel I think
there was more disappointment on the
faces of the single girls all over the
world when this news came out then
whenever Harry was visiting kids in the
USA visiting an Australian University
Queen Elizabeth and her husband Prince
Philip were introduced to mr. and dr.
Robinson he noticed the wife was a PhD
and her title was much more important
than his to which Prince Philip replied
ah yes we have that trouble in our
family too
[Music]
Prince Philip had to give up his Prince
of Greece and Denmark titles when he
married Elizabeth who was a princess at
that time he knew he would never become
King in the UK because there is a rule
controlling that the husband of a
reigning queen is a Prince Consort with
no exceptions possible it looks like him
and his wife are pretty happy even with
all that title difference after all do
you like to make jokes about your family
members feel free to share some in the
comments so that we can all laugh
together if this video made you smile at
least once give us a thumbs up subscribe
to our channel not to miss any updates
remember life is always better on the
bright side